She has a broad forehead and beautiful eyes.
He pointed his finger at the suspect.
It takes a lot of nerve to speak in public.
The audience applauded enthusiastically at the end of the show.
May God bless you and your family.
I greatly admire her courage and determination.
The news astonished everyone in the room.
The magnificent view filled us with awe.
I assure you that everything will be fine.
She worked hard to attain her goals.
He betrayed his friend's trust.
The salesman tried to deceive the customers.
Don't stare at people like that, it's rude.
I caught a glimpse of her as she walked past.
The teacher dictated the notes to the class.
Customers often complain about poor service.
He claims to be an expert in this field.
Birds swallow their food whole.
Please undo your seat belt before leaving.
The rope was used to bind the packages together.
The child dragged his teddy bear across the floor.
The crowd squeezed through the narrow doorway.
Please wipe the table clean after eating.
The dog fetched the ball and brought it back.
You need to bend your knees when lifting heavy objects.
The sun will raise in the east.
The police chased the thief through the streets.
The rabbits flee when they sense danger.
We got a good bargain at the furniture sale.
Don't forget to delete unnecessary files.
The pirates hijacked the ship.
You need to adjust your attitude.
He is an immigrant from France.
They decided to adopt a child.
It takes time to adapt to a new environment.
She is adept at solving complex problems.
Please attach the file to your email.
The committee approved the new proposal.
Parents disapprove of their children staying out late.
Many students object to the new school rules.
The train departs at 9 AM.
The soldiers used camouflage to hide in the forest.
Please enquire at the information desk.
The long run exhausted me completely.
We expend too much energy on trivial matters.
Nobody could foresee the economic crisis.
He hesitated before answering the question.
Two men tried to rob the bank yesterday.
Always spare some money for emergencies.
The judge condemned the criminal to life in prison.
The children pretend to be superheroes.
She decided to abandon her studies.
He achieved great success in his career.
The company acquired new technology.
Not everyone can afford to buy a house.
You should apply for that job.
Please consider my suggestion carefully.
Everyone should contribute to environmental protection.
Politicians debate important issues in parliament.
The architect will design our new house.
We expect heavy rain tomorrow.
You need to feed the cat twice a day.
There's something mysterious about that old house.
Greek myth is full of interesting stories.
I hate getting up early in the morning.
The children hide behind the curtains.
Don't ignore the warning signs.
He insists on paying for dinner.
Please don't interrupt while I'm speaking.
Let me introduce you to my parents.
How did you obtain this information?
Children must obey their parents.
Many people oppose the new law.
The mechanic will repair your car tomorrow.
Please repeat what you just said.
The police seek witnesses to the accident.
We should share the responsibility.
Try to solve the problem yourself.
I suppose you're right about this.
We like to wander around the old town.
I wonder what will happen next.
Don't waste your time on unimportant things.
I doubt he will come to the party.
Can you count to ten in French?